this session I'm going to be talking
about white hat versus black hat SEO
techniques as you know the black hat SEO
techniques are illegal or unethical ways
to get top placement in the search
engines and there are many ways to do
that like cloaking technology meaning
that you actually create one page
stuffed with keyword terms and then you
redirect that to your homepage or
whatever you want to redirect it to and
the key is to actually get stuff with
your terms that your target keyword
terms and popular keyword terms and then
and then let Googlebot us Google search
engine ought to actually index el
website but then actual the user will
see another page like maybe you'll flash
a website or whatever page you want to
show and this is not a aticle or Google
is actually going to ban your website if
you use this planet techniques like BMW
which use this technique a few years ago
and they actually stuff their pages with
the keyword terms and then and then they
came to their homepage and they got some
good rankings initially but Google kept
up and they banned the whole website so
there is nowhere to be found the
interesting part though is filed for re
inclusion and it got in there like not
long after they actually got in back
into the database again but for most
websites who don't have a brand and
don't have a name they may file for they
may take it out the redirect but then
they may not be re included again in the
database because there are many are
companies have been using this technique
and they can't get back into the data
database in Google and so therefore all
your google rankings are lost so it's
very important if you're doing this
in-house or outsource to SEO company
that you're not participating in this
kind of practices because it's going to
hurt you in the end and you're going to
lose out big time although there are
certain black hat SEO techniques that
can get good rankings initially in the
long term it's not going to be
profitable for you the white hat SEO
techniques are there the techniques are
guidelines according to what Google's
deems to be appropriate and
schools is a major player in the search
engine world as we know you had to feed
what they like otherwise they're not
going to promote your website so
therefore you had to feed what they like
and what the light is unique and call
the content they like optimized content
not over optimized pages they want to
call the links from trusted ranks I page
ranks and the social community if you
can get the source community to talk
about you and all the things that's a
great way to get the natural links and
also not only to build a links but
actually get traffic from those links or
if you're mechanically trying to get
links from many websites they may not
get any traffic because those links are
not on popular pages so again make sure
you stay in in in the guidelines of
Google's rules and you will be enjoying
a lot of traffic in the future it does
take some time to get some nice traffic
to website but if you work hard on it
and take a time and resource to do it
you'll see a great effect in your
website's tracking and performance thank
you much for listening to this video and
feel free to check out more my website
marketing ignite com thank you